Backyard Pee Last Night

Author: PNW_bruh1994

*000*2025-09-21 00:40

Last night, I christened the back yard of my new place with my piss.

I had just gotten home from a baseball game about an hour away. I can get pee shy in public from time to time, and yesterday was no exception. By the time my group was ready to leave, my bladder was swollen from the drinks I had all afternoon and evening, but regardless of my need, I couldn’t get myself to pee in a stall or at a urinal.

The blessing (or curse, depending on the situation) of being pee shy is that I can hold my pee for a long time while out and about so long as I’m not drinking too much. As we got to our car, I knew that relief would be on the way once we got home.

As we drove the hour back from the game, someone in my car asked if we could stop for food. Of course, we all obliged. I’d have to try to hold on a bit longer. While my group ate, I tried another time for the bathroom. Alas, my bladder still wouldn’t release. Before getting back in the car, I took my belt off as I couldn’t stand the pressure it was putting on my bladder. I definitely didn’t want to pee in the car in front of my group.

As we pulled into the driveway, it had been almost 2 hours since leaving the ballpark and nearly 10 hours since I had last went pee. Soon enough, I’d have that sweet release that comes from releasing an achingly full bladder.

Not soon enough. My dog, who hadn’t been out since 6 hours prior, needed to be let out first. So I got him outside and followed him out. Our fence has a couple of holes in it and since the dog is an escape artist, he needed to be supervised.

In the privacy of my backyard, I could feel my bladder begin to ache and spasm. If I didn’t go right now, I’d piss my shorts and have the embarrassment of telling my people inside what happened. At this point, I didn’t care if people in their backyards could see me. I ripped open my fly, pulled out my dick, and let out a thick stream of piss. I tried to be quiet in case someone walked out back, but there would’ve been no hiding what was going on. I peed for over a minute, some on the house itself, mostly on the ground. I let out a sigh of relief as the last drops came out. It was euphoric being able to finally let go.

Anybody have any similar experiences?

*001*2025-09-23 11:52

{{14 hours ago, jgottapee said:

A shy bladder definitely has a blessing element to it. I personally don’t have a shy bladder, but I never could’ve held on for that long. Over two hours of being desperate to pee is a foreign concept to me. I have like a half hour or maybe a little more of being desperate before it turns into me not having a choice and just having to pee wherever I am.

}}

I wouldn’t say that I was desperate the whole time, probably for a good three hours though (part way through the game and the drive home). Was a bit of a struggle to be discreet in my squirming, as I didn’t want the others i was with to know how desperate I was.

