Desperation on the plane today - almost didn't make it!

Author: PCSCreates

*000*2025-10-06 02:47

Some background: Took a 5 hour flight home today after seeing some friends for a week, and I had to change my seat to the bulkhead seat. Normally I like the aisle more because it allows me to stretch out a bit more, and also so if I need to run to the bathroom I won't have to wait on anyone else. Also, I am non-binary and AMAB which will be relevant later in descriptions.

Before I got to security, I went to the bathroom as I already had to go. I didn't think I drank that much, but I did have a coffee, some water from my water bottle, and a few glasses of water the night before.

I went through security, and got to my plane without issue and had extra time, so I grabbed a large smoothie, and then waited for boarding (...are you starting to see where the extra water came from that I didn't account for?). Got on the plane and sat down, and next to me sits a couple that must have been 80+ years old (again more pieces falling into place. I figured I would get up and pee - or at least try to - when they both got up at some point.

The Desperation: It was about 3 hours into the flight when I realized I had to pee, right near the end of the second movie I was watching. I had only drank about a third of my 1L bottle, and knowing I still had a while, I casually took stock of my situation. I could wait for a bit longer, as I hadn't seen the old couple get up, and I figured they were going to get up soon for sure. So I had a bit more water (and loosened my belt a bit), and waited.

About 4 hours into the flight, I felt my bladder start to push toward my hips, which was a tell that the pressure was getting much higher, and it felt pretty hard to the touch. Although I kept my seat belt loose, the flight was kind of bumpy so I kept it not too loose. The older couple was now completely fast asleep, and I tried tapping the person next to me on the shoulder, but they didn't move at all - again, I knew I had time before it became a huge problem, so I waited again.

4:15 in - the pressure starts to creep up my urethra, and starts pushing on the base of my cock, making it feel like there's ball or knot of pressure building up, and it becomes a bit harder to sit still for more than 10 minutes at a time. This is when I started to get concerned, but some turbulence started so I figured they would wake up. Here's the thing, they DID wake up, but because of the turbulence, the seat belt sign was now on, so no one could get up.

4:30 - the pressure keeps slowly building, and now it feels like the knot at the base of my cock is getting thicker and harder - and creeping up. I start feeling a bit of pain in my bladder, especially near my sides, which lets me know there's now a serious amount of pressure in my bladder, and I'll be reaching capacity soon. The seat belt sign is still on - and they let us know it will be on for the remainder of the flight. I am 50/50 on if I will be able to make it until we get off the plane now, and unfortunately wearing blue cotton shorts and boxer briefs, which would show any leaks IMMEDIATELY. I started getting a pee boner, but could easily hide it with my hands in my lap while I was watching another movie.

4:45 - My bladder is completely bulging out of my body, and it feels like a bowling ball is trapped at the base of my pelvis. As we start our decent, the ride starts to get significantly bumpier, and now my distended bladder is pushing hard against the seat belt with each large bounce. Each time it feels like my bladder is taking chip damage, where each bounce makes the next one just a little bit harder to handle.

I start sweating a bit now (both literally and figuratively) because the pain has gone up significantly, and now all of my backed up pee is straining to get out in any way that it can - I am just begging that my bladder doesn't start to clench on it's own, otherwise I will not be able to stop it by the 5th one. I feel like my bladder has completely expanded into the space between my belly button and urethra, as even touching the area above my hips feels tense. The pressure against the base of my penis feels like someone trying to push a golf ball through me and the feeling of pee has reached the top of my tip, and I can feel little tingles in my urethra... the pee will be coming out and soon.

My movie ended but there's not enough time to start anything else, so I the only thing I have left to focus on is my aching swollen bladder.

5:00 - We land on time thankfully, but we have to taxi to the gate. The seat belt was less of an issue because I undid it the moment we landed, and it had become so tight from my expanded bladder that it left some deep red marks in my skin. The moment I undid it, it was a huge relief because my huge bladder now had a little more room to expand. I tried sitting still but I had to shift around to find a comfortable position, which would change every few minutes. The pain died down a lot, thanks to the extra space, but it was making me so sensitive that even slight movements in my pants or underwear made me squirm.

I pulled out my phone and started watching videos, just to have something to do, and try to ignore both types of desperation.

5:15 - We make it to the gate, and everyone stands up, including (surprisingly) the older couple. Which gave me room to spread my legs. Which was good, because I had already reached the level I was before I undid my seat belt. My bladder is starting to throb gently, and I the tingling sensation in my urethra has become a stiff dull ache, and I now feel like I am trying to hold back an ocean. My heart starts to beat faster and I'm getting more anxious, which doesn't help either - because I know I have very limited time before I just burst.

No leaking, no spurting... if this pee comes out of me it will start as a spraying hose and end as a spraying hose.

5:25 - Finally its our row's turn to leave, so I stand up, and almost double over. So far, I had been pretty reclined in my seat with my legs spread, and the sudden change feels like a kick to the stomach. Any fun feelings have started to wane, and now it just feels like small spikes are pushing into my bladder - and it is rock hard, like, harder than I have felt it in a long time. Although I had baggy comfortable clothes on, I was almost sure you could see the bulge - at least I could feel my clothes resting on it.

I grab my bag and throw it in front of me and start walking quickly, and thankfully the end of the bag swinging down hits my upper thighs instead of the crown of my giant pee bulge... if it had hit only like 4 inches higher I would have pissed myself in the aisle as I walked down the plane.

Walking down the aisle, ever step felt like a thud at the base of my bladder, and it HURT. I could feel my distended sphere of a bladder bounce inside me, and the force of every step felt like it was flicking my urethra - it sent the most balanced pain/pleasure I have felt in a while. I didn't want to get a boner walking around the airport, but if it helped me hold, so be it.

We get to the jet bridge and there's a clog - people with strollers have completely stopped the flow of traffic. I am dying and in so much pain that I tried to be nice, but could only come up with "hey everyone we need to keep moving" which I was impressed by, because I wanted to say "OH MY GOD I WILL PEE RIGHT HERE" so I quickly moved around them and half walked half ran to the bathroom, and I was lucky it was less than 100 feet away.

Release: I get up to the urinal and whip down the front of my pants, and the moment the fabric clears the tip, my bladder makes a massive clench and pushes out as much as it can - and I feel the hot pressure throb up my urethra and stretch my tip open wide as it absolutely explodes out of me. I have to manually start pushing with my muscles to force out as much as I can all at once. It feels amazing, and I end up peeing for 2+ minutes. I am glad I didn't pee my pants in the airport but that was about as close as I could handle without really freaking out.

Hope you enjoyed it! Also, DMs are open if you want to chat more about experiences.

