Witnessed a desperate girl bathroom dash

Author: Peedrop

*000*2025-10-22 23:28

I’m at my college during admission season, when the campus is basically a ghost town. Just a handful of new students wandering around, a few staff members, and some faculty. I’m strolling through this mostly empty hallway in one of the buildings, minding my own business, when I spot this girl running from the entrance at the far end of the hall. Like, full on sprinting, looking all scared. I'm thinking, “Whoa, what’s her deal?”.She was acting very weird while running

She was with a male (maybe her dad) who is in his 40's, he directed her to the opposite side(where the toilet is). As he directed her she quickly turned back and ran to the toilet. She wiggled her body and ran towards the girls bathroom as she quickly tried to move up her dress showing off her green tights under her while entering the toilet almost into wetting herself. I'm thinking that she has already wet herself while inside the bathroom. Because i kid you not, most of the bathrooms in our college are very cramped (for example: the toilet door doesn't fully open, it gets stuck making toilet as it's barrier) total nightmare if you're in a rush.

This is the first time ever I'm witnessing a very desperate girl (other than me🥲) running dangerously towards the toilet for a wee. I got turned on so much witnessing this.

I was kinda gripped by this whole thing, i witnessed this while I'm walking and I regret watching her discreetly and regret even more by not standing there and watching the aftermath or even help her after she exited the toilet😭.

Looking back, I kinda wish I’d stuck around to see what happened next maybe even checked if she was okay after. But nope, i walked down the to the other building.

*003*2025-11-30 22:29

{{1 hour ago, Kelsie said:

Ooh nice! you should try doing purposeful holds in the buildings during the desrrted times (weekends, schools breaks, summer etc). I basically did all of mine there while i was at univ, it's such a waste that those buildings aren't being used. I pretended to be in class in the empty classrooms, and roleplayed with myself there being a "long line" to the bathroom that would never end 🙂

}}

Sounds kind of fun. I love doing playful little challenges too, especially in quiet places. But it's kinda hard to find these places in my area and moreover i don't get much free time to do so.

I once did a public hold but it wasn't much pleasant experience, too many people around. One day I'll do it

{{11 minutes ago, DesperateBen said:

What a great sighting ! I would have been very turned on as well ! Thank you for sharing your experience ☺️

One day soon you should share your own experiences of being desperate 😁

}}

You're welcome. I'll definitely try to share my experience

