Female Delivery Driver Dilemma

Author: Pipi Gigi

*000*2025-12-21 02:51

I don't know if any other woman on this platform can relate, but the desperation on the road as a Uber Eats delivery person is crazy! Imagine doing deliveries a few cities over and you're unfamiliar with them. Now, imagine you plan to do deliveries in those cities for hours to get your money's worth out of the tolls and you also bring water and coffee stay hydrated and alert. At some point, you know it's inevitable that you're gonna need a piss.

Many times, the place you're picking up and dropping off the food doesn't have a bathroom, and I'm not gonna ask the customer to use their home bathroom and risk getting killed or trafficked. What's even worse is many of the public bathrooms Uber shows on the map are either inaccessible, no longer exist, or require you to buy something to get the bathroom, which means a long checkout line, or bathroom line. While I've never wet, I've had to resort to using my car doors as a bathroom stall when I really couldn't wait it out anymore. And I know, I could use a water bottle or coffee cup, but who wants to risk getting pee all over the inside of their car?

Today alone, I had 3 very close calls with a bladder so full, I thought I was gonna lose my mind. I had to find a bathroom while I was in traffic doing a delivery that was 45 mins away, and was lucky a store with a bathroom was right off the highway exit. I didn't even look for parking, just parked right in front of the store and asked customer service for the bathroom. So thankful the person there actually got to the point and told me where. I've been in situations where they have said "oh, let me radio someone", or " we don't have one. Just kidding, it's on the back". The second close call happened while I was doing a pickup and I asked the person who I was picking up the order for the toilet. I almost leaked when she said "ours doesn't work", but then she said "there is one next door. it's open to the public. 

And let me say, that it was the cleaning public bathroom I've seen in ages! Last bladder buster was at the end of my schedule. I go to pick up the order and got hit again with the urge. At this point, I just decided no matter what, I'll just wait until I get home. No more begging for the toilet like a child, no dreaming of using the emergency exit lane for a racehorse pitstop, just make it home and piss in peace. When I tell you I had to go so bad, all I could think about was just getting out of the car and pissing in the street not caring who sees at that point...... setting the red light down the block from my house made me almost lose it all. The fight to give my sphincter one good squeeze as I got out the car, the desperate walk to the door, the turning of the key, omg, I didn't even take off my shoes, I dashed to the toilet and took the most heavenly piss of the day! No traffic, no notifications to get back on the route, just release!~

*008*2025-12-28 15:34

Makes sense. Sometimes I feel like I could piss right there sitting in the driver's seat!

*011*2025-12-29 02:01

{{2 hours ago, Rapper1 said:

Have you ever peed your pants during deliveries?

}}

No, but I've come very close to it. Its actually been so much that I may have to order a Gogirl to save me. I've had to be lobbies, gas stations, and grocery stores for the toilet this week. I've been getting lucky though as I have run into situations years ago where I was outright told no

*015*2025-12-30 07:09

{{4 hours ago, reina1125 said:

What are some stories of you having to use your door as a stall

}}

There was a day I couldn't catch a break and decided on holding it until I get home. I got so desperate on the hour drive back home, I pulled over on the highway emergency lane and used the doors as a stall to pee

