Female Delivery Drivers Pee in Containers too......

Author: Pipi Gigi

*000*2026-01-10 02:56

Well, it finally happened. I actually reached a new capacity limit today of 1500ml. Wasn't expecting it to happen while out doing deliveries and not being able to pee at all for 8 hours, and I wasn't expecting to have to pee in a container in the backseat of my car but it happened. So I was filling up pretty slowly until my last 3 deliveries and I didn't really notice it until I had to get out the car to hand off my third to last delivery. Felt full, but also like I could wait another hour or two. 

I go back to the car, set the map to the next location, then finish my coffee. The next location was a 30 minute drive and I felt the urge creeping up a bit more. I was at a red light and saw a gas station. I was thinking " maybe I could go real quick, then drop off the next item". Light turns green as I think "I guess I'll just go after I finish the deliveries". By the time I delivered the package I went from "I'll go at home" to " I better find another gas station" to " Omg I need to pee now!".

Thing is, I had one more before I would be done for the day, and it was another 25 minute drive. I decided to tough it out. I had been getting used to not peeing all day and it didnt make sense at the time to go pee then finish my day. Thing is, I wasn't expecting to get hit with traffic or a truck blocking the last block to make the delivery. Finishing that coffee was a mistake. I was getting fuller so fast and it was almost painful. I felt like I was gonna explode. I had to push my seat back and loosen my seatbelt because the pressure was so much. The fact that I didn't start leaking was crazy because I felt like I was well past soaking the whole car! The moment finally came for me to make the delivery and I parked right in the corner of the block. I couldn't even wait to drive another 100 meters.

I ring the doorbell after placing the package and hit complete delivery. In that moment I got hit with an urge so strong, I didnt even try to find a bathroom. I got into the backseat of my car and pulled out the emergency wide mouth container I keep in the backseat door (which holds 750ml) and unscrewed the car. I sat in the backseat with the door closed and peed into it. To my surpise. I filled it up twice and was lucky it was already getting dark so I could discreetly empty it twice before finally getting back in the driver's seat to drive off and go home. The fact that I didn't feel anything until the last hour and a half was insane to me. Like how do you casually hold that much and get desperate at the end? How did I go from "I'll just pee at home" to filling a huge container twice in the backseat of my car on a quiet residential street? I wonder I I can break 2L if this is the case....

