My favorite experience

Author: Psst_pants

*000*2026-01-24 05:25

One of my exes, was the first girl who was willing to try out some of my watersport fantasies. We did all sorts of stuff together, and I’ve done it with other girls too but I still fantasize about this one experience.

My girlfriend at the time was a tiny Chinese girl, with a bladder to match, and would do anything for (to) me.

After a couple of years of peeing experiences, I had 2 waterproof blankets at my house, and she had one at hers. Well one time I was over her house, I can’t even remember what for but her gay best friend was there already, and I came in maybe 30 minutes later. When I got there we talked for a couple of minutes, before she pulled me into her bedroom. With her friend in the next room, I didn’t think much was going to happen because it never had before. I sat on her bed, she straddled me and we made out for a little bit, and then we stopped. I laid down, she was kneeling still and we were just talking normally for a couple of minutes both fully clothed in jeans when I felt the most wonderful and familiar warmth cascading into my pants. The look of surprise on my face must’ve been something, because when I looked at her she just laughed and said “took you long enough to notice”.

All I could do was close my eyes and enjoy the feeling of someone wetting my pants for me. When I thought she was done I tossed her on the bed next to me and stripped her and myself and got to work. She eventually got back on top of me and was able to pee some more while I was inside of her, leading to a massive climax from both of us. She came off of me, peed on me AGAIN, this time truly draining the reserves and spooned for a couple of minutes. After settling down a bit, I also had to pee and since I was already in a wet mess of her making, I slowly let loose all over her little ass. We stayed there for a while until the puddle got cold, and jumped in the shower. Her friend was still watching tv or something in the living room when we finished, but I stayed in the bedroom because the only clothes I had were covered in pee and in the washing machine. He was gone by the time I was dressed again.

I’ve had hundreds of experiences with her and another girlfriend after this one, but I always go back to this one. My girlfriend after her was a bit of a neat freak, and while she was happy to pee on me, I could count on one hand how many times she’d do it with underwear on, never mind fully dressed, and it was never a surprise. I’ve been lucky enough to experience what I thought was my fantasy plenty, but all of my fantasies now include that surprise element.

Now I want to be watching a movie with my girl on my lap and have her just let go to avoid missing anything. Or be sitting around my firepit one night enjoying some wine with my girlfriend on my lap and all of a sudden have wet pants, and a raging hard-on. Or be laying on the beach sunbathing, and then be bathing in piss with no warning.

