Sunday Fun: Messy Explosion in my Tight Grey Boxers

Author: Perhaps

*000*2026-01-25 22:03

I decided to have some naughty, messy fun today. If you're not into messing, you'll want to move on. If not, please enjoy reading about my experience.

After finishing most of my morning coffee, I felt the familiar feelings of needing to poop, quite urgently. I wasn't in any danger yet, but as I was sitting at my PC, the thought crossed my mind: do I get up and go, or do I wait a little bit? I decided to wait a little bit, and see how I was feeling. After about a half-hour of letting the pressure build up, I could tell it was going to be a bigger poop.

I wrapped up the game I was playing, getting slightly nervous at how desperate I was feeling. I have plenty of boxer-briefs that are worn out or don't fit very well anymore, and spent a few minutes deciding which pair to use: grey or floral. A little bit of poop squeezed out between my cheeks while wearing the grey ones. I was getting excited because I hadn't been this desperate in months, and settled on the grey ones. They were much more snug than the floral ones.

I moved into my bathroom and got ready for the inevitable explosion. I only lasted another 10 minutes before I gave in and let everything rush out into my underwear. It was a lot, just as a I expected. I enjoyed the heavy feeling in the back of my boxers, even walked out to get some extra toilet paper for the clean-up.

As I returned to the bathroom, I felt another urge to poop, bent forward and pushed it out. I was surprised how much more came out. I ended up moving into my bedroom to check out the bulge in my full-length mirror. It was much bigger than I thought and that got me turned on even more. I decided then to snap some photos of myself. There I was, posing for a camera with a huge, warm load of poop nestled against my ass in the back of my tight, grey boxer-briefs. While taking photos, I let out some poop 3 more times. I also had to pee at some point. All the pushing to get my bowels emptied left me with a lightly wet crotch. These boxers were getting heavy and dirty. I even took a few videos, sitting down in my mess on the edge of my tub. After about an hour of fun, I started the clean-up, which also took about an hour.

I wasn't convinced I was going to do this today, but I am certainly glad I did. It's been quite cold lately, so what better way to spend a frigid winter day than sitting comfortably in some warm, snug, full and messy undies? I left out a fair amount of details of the fun I had, but am willing to share more info in DMs, including some of the pictures I took.

Here's one picture of my full boxers for you to enjoy.

&&

