Out Drinking With A Colleague - Desperate Endings

Author: pee98754

*000*2026-03-06 23:18

A short entry about a small but strangely memorable moment from earlier this week. What started as a routine work trip turned into one of those mildly ridiculous situations that seems funny only in hindsight.

I was travelling with a colleague to a conference in another city, a few hours travel away from our normal office. We’re both in our mid-late 30s - me female, him male.

We travelled after work, meeting in the city to catch the 3 hour train together. We brought provisions for the journey - four pints and two cans for him, and three cans for me, and we worked our way through them during the journey, chatting away and laughing like mad. Unbelievably, despite the length of the journey and the amount we had collectively drunk (especially him), we didn’t need to use the bathroom on the train. I was starting to feel the need to go - about a 6/10 - but could and did easily wait until we’d dumped our bags to go out into the town.

From dropping our bags at the hotel (a quick visit to the loo on my part - probably his too), we headed back into town and to my favourite pub for some more drinking - three gin and tonics for me, and four pints for him. About an hour in, he excused himself to find the toilets and pointed out the ladies’ room for me on the way back. I lasted only a few minutes longer before making my own dash. He squeezed in another trip before kicking out time and we went in search of food, whatever fast food place was still open and near.

We were in there for about 30 minutes. We both visited the bathroom once, and we went to head back to the hotel. It was about midnight, and we were really enjoying each other’s company, having deep and emotional chats about anything and everything, wandering through the streets. We both decided we didn’t quite want the night to end just yet, and set off in search of an open shop, for a few final drinks to end the evening.

At this point, we were probably about a mile from the hotel, not too far from the nearest open off license, and he suddenly says he desperately needs to pee, and needs to find somewhere to go, urgently. At this point, it’s after midnight, and all the public toilets are definitely closed, so there are minimal options. I also need to go quite badly at this point, but he is clearly the worse off, having had over 8 pints of liquid in the last few hours. My heart really went out to him.

I suggest if he can’t hold it, we find a quiet corner for him to relieve himself and I can either stand guard or walk ahead so he has some privacy. We were pointing out potential places, but I don’t think he could bring himself to do it in front of me. All the potential areas were well lit, and there were police nearby as the area is a little rough. He decides to soldier on, and we quicken our pace to the shop, but I can tell he’s in pain and he doesn’t want to turn back without achieving our mission. I know he wants to hold himself to help, but he manages not to. I secretly hope he does change his mind and decide to find a quiet spot to go - not least, it may enable me to get some desperate relief. My bladder is getting heavier and heavier, and my muscles aching to keep ahold of it all.

We go into the shop, choose our things, pay and exit - now just to get back to the hotel. I say again we can find somewhere for him to pee, but he says he can just about make it. I am also bursting at this point, so we set off at a faster pace, while not jostling our overfilled bladders too much. On the way back, we share stories of previous times we’ve been bursting to piss, I think to reassure ourselves that this isn’t so bad, but it’s not really helping. We get stopped a couple of times along the way by passers by, wanting something, each time adding to our mutual desperation and making me question whether I, not least him, can make it back to our rooms.

Eventually, the side street to our hotel approaches, and I can see the door. There’s no one on reception, and the doors are locked for the night, so I have to work out how to get us in using the keypad system. I’m frantically squeezing my legs together at this point, and sure that while I was sorting our entry to the hotel, he was squeezing himself right behind me. My legs are visibly shaking at this point, and I’m trying not to hold myself.

We make it in, and of course there are no public bathrooms downstairs. We take the insanely slow lift to our floor and rush out of the lift as soon as the doors open, me going one way, him another, to race to our respective rooms. The corridors feel endless on my part, but I eventually get to my room - 917 - bang open the door, run into the bathroom already undoing my jeans, and whip them and my thong down in one swift movement. The piss is pouring out of me before I even hit the seat, although my underwear is thankfully largely spared. I pee solidly for around 90 seconds, audibly moaning with my eyes closed as I finally get the relief I desperately needed, slouching over as my bladder drains what feels like an endless reserve of the evening’s drinks. As I sat there recovering, I couldn’t help wondering whether my colleague had made it in time too. Judging by the pace he ran down the corridor, I hoped so.

