Caught Peeing by my girlfriend (WLW)

Author: PantiesSoaked

*000*2026-03-07 00:20

So, I thought i had the house to myself and thought I could have a little treat.

It was a pretty cold day. I was alone and I thought I could pee my panties to stay warm!

My living room has laminate flooring so whenever I decide to have an accident I simply mop it up.

I walk into my living room, sit on the floor with my secret blanket for comfort (it has pee stains all over it) cross my legs and just peed through my spotty pyjama bottoms. My plan was to sit there playing games for a couple hours while drinking so I would never have to move from my puddle, but about 10 minutes after I peed, my girlfriend tapped me on my shoulder.

I was mortified.

She looked down, the big yellow puddle meets her gaze. I turn red.

"Had an accident have we?" She insinuates,

I reply with: "What?"

(I pretended to not know that I "had an accidnet")

....

She tells me to look down and I immedietly try to react with shock. She tells me that its okay and that she can clean me up if I wanted to? Is she... into this?

She feels the wetness of my pyjama bottoms and goes "you must've needed that!"

Do you think she's into Omo?

*012*2026-03-31 14:23

{{On 3/16/2026 at 9:10 AM, 3007LodeStar said:

I think maybe yes, try to "play her" into that again, maybe in a more intimate context to see her reactions 🤗

}}

I pretended to wet the bed on "accident" after seeing this a few weeks ago (im sorry for not replying!). I was fully awake but pretending to be asleep. My girlfriend started peeing. I know she did. I felt it. Cus I had finished peeing the bed and more wetness spread through the matress under me, It was her. She got up before me in the morning too to "dry some clothes", when really it was an attempt to dispose of her wet clothes.

She acted oblivious to it too, when I told her that I did it on purpose she folded immedietly and said she did too but only after I was as an excuse to wet the bed.

Turned out that she has an omo kink too! She let's me watch her pee and sometimes she wets her panties and let's me wet them after they've dried! SO HOT.

*015*2026-03-31 23:39

{{13 minutes ago, Nephrite said:

This was the best possible outcome. You basically won the lottery here.

Explore this and have fun!

...but please, buy yourselves a mattress protector. You two definitely need several now.

}}

God we need one badly... bedwetting might become a common occurance. Maybe diapers if shes up to it

{{On 3/16/2026 at 10:20 AM, OmoShaun said:

I think the best thing to do is to ask him directly or indirectly.

Directly: ask him the question.

Indirectly: create situations where you feel the urge to pee and encourage her to react. If she makes a series of gestures or remarks that point in that direction, then try to take it further or confront her directly.

}}

I remember a couple months ago where she playfully stopped me from using the bathroom to the point where I leaked... I should've spotted the signs. I needed it badly

*019*2026-04-02 00:39

{{Just now, The Dark Wolf said:

You should tickle each other when you need to pee. I bet there's all kinds of things you two could experiment with.

}}

This sounds so hot. I will try this now actually.. well, atleast when her bladder fills up

